okay welcome back to another board game
zombie card review of zombies for the
end we're going to go through the cards
here now first I want to go through the
pages of the Necronomicon first first
we're going to go through is something
doesn't quite feel right you can remove
three cards permanently from the game in
the deck three non-book you know pages
from the Necronomicon cards this card is
very effective when you know what to
look for and what to throw out throwing
out some very powerful cards that are in
this deck is quite an advantage same one
there all right the trees are alive it
says remove this card to make all other
opponents fight in a wooded area if
they're in a wooded area they got role
of four or five or six to defeat the
trees if not then they gotta use bullets
or a heart to reroll they don't get
anything in return they just fight the
trees in the wooded area fun fun one to
talk to use twist of fate is another
great page of the Necronomicon allowing
you to take one bullet from every player
this can really help you out when you're
fighting those mene mene zombie dogs
speaking of the zombie dogs here they
are you can fill up the zombie dog pet
cemetery with nine zombie dogs remember
there can be two dogs on one space so
you can get pretty crowded there in the
pet cemetery a lot of zombie dogs
running around and the last page here it
says return to sender if you when you're
on the altar tile you can immediately
switch places with another player any
player this players inside the cabin at
the very end you can switch places with
them this car has been used for that
reason this is a great card I think they
have a lot of good ideas in zombies for
all right let's get into the real cars
here the spear is of course a weapon
it's a one plus to all your attacks very
handy we're all friends here it says you
take a book of the dead that is in play
meaning that in front of that player
when you're on the same spaces them just
put this down and you take one of their
pages remember you need the more pages
you have the better chance you have at
winning at the end of this game
fully loaded is another gray card what a
great idea you have enough bullets and
life tokens as your target player so for
instance I have a I'm running low I've
got two hearts one bullet well my buddy
over here has five hearts and six
bullets well man I play this card I load
up and have the same amount of bullets
and hearts as that target player does
awesome card talk to the hand when
you're on an opponent style you can move
them to an adjacent tile of your choice
so basically just throwing someone to
the dogs and having them fight them off
I see this card played every once a
while as well the magic key awesome
people forget about the magic key align
discard it but with the magic key if you
go into the cave and have it well then
you can discard a you can you can take a
look at opponents hand and take one of
their cards it's really awesome to use I
when I see someone hanging on to of
course they're frozen Chosin 3 i'm
definitely going to play the magic key
and look what they got and definitely
date their best card dog repellent no
dogs can be moved in your direction to
the end of your next turn I see a lot of
people use this card because even though
we love killing zombies zombie dogs be
fierce and they get scared of them so
they usually play dog repellent keep
them doggies away from them for for a
while rolled-up newspaper you move one
zombie on your square meaning on your
tile to an opponent's square it's really
nice to have this I see it used every
once a while you're about to die you're
facing a last zombie dog someone threw
on you well now you can do a rolled-up
newspaper and place it on the opponent's
square immediately and have them fight
them on the next one bad zombie no
biscuit you move all zombies from your
tile to an adjacent tile okay can't be
used on the cabin or says helipad even
though there is a helipad in the woods
but it can't be using the cabin you
can't move all those zombies out and win
the game so any other tiles I see this
car used every
often the sickle is another weapon card
you get a 1 plus in combat you also when
you're fighting two dogs you move one
off your square so it makes fighting
them a little bit more easier I love
this card it cancels any car they just
got played any card of course I'm a big
fan of canceled cancellation cards lost
in the woods target opponent may not
move off the current tile until the end
of their next turn this is really great
to keep someone from making it to the
cabin ahead of you just keep them lost
in the woods that stay on that tile
fight dogs monkeys are funny this card I
hate only because I found out how to win
the game with it and now everyone wants
this card you avoid dogs unless you
enter a building it says or a name tile
it really is super easy this is a more
powerful car than they thought because
there is a lot of times where wooded
tiles can lead you straight to the cabin
no name tiles are there since there's
tons of wood wooded wooden areas so this
one can be very powerful because you
can't really attack anyone they can have
full hearts and bullets and use this
card make it all the way to the cabin
and fight them out with a full cachet of
hearts and bullets and whatever else
they got so very powerful card i would
suggest you get rid of this card if you
get to pull it from the deck the amulet
big fan of the ambulant you can teleport
to an adjacent square on any tile this
basically helps you move faster in the
game I always enjoy an amulet to help me
move faster in the game portal the same
thing that that other page of the
Necronomicon put down i don't know why
they have this card if they also made a
Necronomicon page as well but it's the
same thing if you're at the altar tile
you can switch places with anyone so
once again another big one I've seen
someone played this one and then another
person you use their page and get them
right back so it's pretty wild stuff
love the tranq gun you defeat all the
dogs in your square I highly recommend
you sit on to
dogs on the same square and then play
this it's awesome to have it really
helps your zombie count out clear
warlock of course like blair warlock you
move an opponent to any plain woods
adjacent tile on their current tile you
just move them away it's another one if
they're trying to make a run for the
cabin you can move them somewhere else
you know I think it's a good card I see
it played every once a while and my
favorite one that's why I kept it told
till last full moon fever you become our
target player turns into a werewolf and
can attack other players only on you
know their turn they turn on they roll
the die and they can use bullets that
says to increase their role but whoever
loses goes back to the beginning we have
a special rule we say that it turns you
into a werewolf the player who plays
this card they get to roll to die so
that werewolves can move a little bit
faster than humans and then they get to
fight but here's the deal like I said
these are our rules not official rules
just our rules just to make this card a
lot more fun you cannot go after someone
who's you know you can't use your double
Ruhlman to just move on through the
field you have to attack the nearest
opponent if it's a tie you can choose
but you have to use your double die
movement roll to the nearest opponent is
what we say so that way don't use their
double die and try to head on to the
cabin or whatever but this is a great
card I love this idea one of our
favorite cars in the day okay well
that's all the time we have for today
we'll be back with zombies five cards
see ya